Boottime measures triggered at P.C. instance creation (#16577)
os-autoinst/os-autoinst-distri-opensuse: variables.md

PUBLIC_CLOUD_PREPARE_TOOLS | boolean | false | Activate prepare_tools test module by setting this variable.
PUBLIC_CLOUD_GOOGLE_PROJECT_ID | string | "" | GCP only, used to specify the project id.
PUBLIC_CLOUD_PROVIDER | string | "" | The type of the CSP (e.g. AZURE, EC2, GCE).

> PUBLIC_CLOUD_QAM | boolean | false | Used to select Maintenance jobs (true/1) or "Latest" jobs (false/0). The 1st prepare a cloud instance in top module before any other test, the 2nd prepare instance in other different phases. This param. also used to trigger creation or reuse of an instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PUBLIC_CLOUD_QAM | boolean | false | 1 - identify job running to test maintenance updates , 0 - identifying job testing "Latest " ( in development ) . Used to control all behavioral implications which this brings
```
